### 1. ESPs are a middle layer between multiple event sources and destinations. ESPs may have different architectures and components but also some common components. Which of the following common components receives and consumes events?
    A. Analytic engine
    B. Event broker
    C. Event storage
    D. Query engine

_The correct answer is B. Event broker_
### 2. The core component of any ESP is the event broker. Which event broker sub-component performs encryption on data?
    A. Consumption
    B. Processor
    C. Ingester
    D. Storage

_The correct answer is B. Processor_
### 3. The Kafka server side is a cluster with many associated servers. What are the associated servers called?
    A. Sub-servers
    B. Brokers
    C. Controllers
    D. Associates

_The correct answer is B. Brokers_
### 4. Which of the following Kafka main features provides consumption without a deadline?
    A. Open source
    B. Permanent persistency
    C. Reliability
    D. Distribution system

_The correct answer is B. Permanent persistency_
### 5. Which of the following Kafka core components publish events into topics?
    A. Brokers
    B. Producers
    C. Partitions
    D. Consumers

_The correct answer is B. Producers_
### 6. Which of the Kafka CLI script files manages topics?
    A. Kafka-console
    B. Kafka-topics
    C. Kafka-console-producer
    D. Kafka-console-consumer

_The correct answer is B. Kafka-topics_
### 7. Which of the following is Kafka Streams API based on?
    A. Gantt chart
    B. Computational graph
    C. Transformational graph
    D. Java

_The correct answer is B. Computational graph_
### 8. Which of the following do stream processors do?
    A. Extracts, transforms, and loads
    B. Receives, transforms, and forwards
    C. Extracts, loads, and transforms
    D. Processes and forwards

_The correct answer is B. Receives, transforms, and forwards_
### 9. Kafka Streams API is based on a computational graph called a stream processing topology. And in the topology, each node is a stream processor, while edges are the I/O streams. In this topology we find two special types of processors: What are they called? 
    A. Mapping and transformation processor
    B. Source and sink processor
    C. Aggregation and stream processor
    D. Stream and topic processor

_The correct answer is B. Source and sink processor_
### 10. Once events are published and properly stored in topic partitions, you can create _________ to read them. 
    A. Brokers
    B. Consumers
    C. Partitions
    D. Producers

_The correct answer is B. Consumers_
