### 1. True or False: The read operation db.students.findOne({"firstName": Lisa"}) will read all documents in the database in which the student’s first name is Lisa.
    A. True 
    B. False

_The correct answer is B. False_
### 2. MongoDB uses compound indexing. Which one of the following is a distinguishing characteristic of a compound index? 
    A. When the index is created for the most frequent queries performed, it is known as a compound index.
    B. When the index is stored in a particular order, it is known as a compound index. 
    C. When a single index structure holds the reference to more than one field, it is referred to as a compound index.
    D. When an index helps you to quickly locate data without looking for it everywhere, that is called a compound index.  

_The correct answer is C. When a single index structure holds the reference to more than one field, it is referred to as a compound index._
### 3. The Aggregation Framework is a series of operations that you apply to your data to get a sought-after outcome. What outcome does the operation “$merge” produce?
    A. Counts and assigns an outcome to a specified field
    B. Projects out fields from documents
    C. Takes the outcome from the previous stage and stores it in a target collection
    D. Filters out documents based on specified value

_The correct answer is C. Takes the outcome from the previous stage and stores it in a target collection_
### 4. True or False: Replication can save you from disasters, such as accidentally deleting your database.
    A. True
    B. False

_The correct answer is B. False_
### 5. What does the following CRUD operation in Python do?
    customers.insert_many(customers_list)

The correct answer is:

    A. Allows you to do a bulk insert of customers listed in the “customers_list”
    B. Updates the customer list with customer information in the “customers_list” field.
    C. Allows you to insert a customer from your “customers_list” in the database
    D. Allows you to insert the column “customers_list” in the database


_The correct answer is A. Allows you to do a bulk insert of customers listed in the “customers_list”_
