### 1. Select the answer that defines Mongo shell.
    A. Mongo shell is a tool provided by MongoDB to interact with your databases.
    B. Mongo shell is the default database.
    C. Mongo shell is a graphical user interface.
    D. Mongo shell is a stock market aggregator.

_The correct answer is A. Mongo shell is a tool provided by MongoDB to interact with your databases._
### 2. MongoDB uses compound indexing. What is special about a compound index?
    A. Compound indexes perform in-memory sort.
    B. MongoDB stores compound indexes in graph form.
    C. MongoDB compound indexes index more than one field.
    D. MongoDB compound indexes use single fields.

_The correct answer is C. MongoDB compound indexes index more than one field._
### 3. An aggregation pipeline is a series of operations that you apply to your data to get a desired result. What does the following operation do?
                 > db.courseResults.aggregate([ 
                 { $match: { "year": 2020 } }, 
                 { $group: { "_id": "$courseId", "avgScore": { $avg: "$score"} } } 
                 ]) 

The correct answer is:

    A. Filter 2020 documents, group these documents by course, and then displays the student ID, course ID, and average score of all 2020 documents in a tabular format.
    B. Filter 2020 documents, group these documents by course, and display the resultant list as an outcome.
    C. Filter 2020 documents, group these documents by course, then calculate the average student score per course in that year.
    D. Filter 2020 documents, group these documents by average score, and display this list in ascending order of average scores.

_The correct answer is C. Filter 2020 documents, group these documents by course, then calculate the average student score per course in that year._
### 4. Fill in the blank. A MongoDB Replica Set is a collection of data-bearing nodes _________________.
    A. Providing multiple copies just in case you accidentally delete your data
    B. Where each node is either a primary node or a secondary node, and each node maintains a copy of the same data
    C. Providing horizontal scaling to increase capacity
    D. With each node being a primary node, allowing you to apply changes

_The correct answer is B. Where each node is either a primary node or a secondary node, and each node maintains a copy of the same data_
### 5. What does the following operation in Python do?

                 customers.count_documents({"lastName": "Smith"})

The correct answer is:

    A. This operation returns the first document in natural order (the order in which the database refers to documents on disk), which has the last name Smith.
    B. This operation allows you to insert the column “customers_list” in the database.
    C. This operation counts the number of customers with the last name Smith and returns the number of records found as an outcome.
    D. This operation updates the customer list with customer information in the “customers_list” field.

_The correct answer is C. This operation counts the number of customers with the last name Smith and returns the number of records found as an outcome._
