### 1. Question 1: Data types define the type of data that can be stored in which part of a database table? 
    A. Columns
    B. Index 
    C. Schemas
    D. Rows 

_The correct answer is A. Columns_
### 2. Question 2: Popularity of cloud databases has more than doubled in the past decade. Which cloud service model is driving this? 
    A. Commercial databases
    B. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) 
    C. Platform as a Service (PaaS)
    D. Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)

_The correct answer is D. Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)_
### 3. Question 3: The DBMS on the server in a 2-tier environment includes multiple layers. Which layer is also referred to as the persistence layer? 
    A. Transmission layer
    B. Database Storage layer
    C. Data Access layer
    D. Database Engine layer 

_The correct answer is B. Database Storage layer_
### 4. Question 4: Which NoSQL functionality does PostgreSQL use to store non-hierarchical data? 
    A. JSON
    B. HSTORE
    C. Replication
    D. Functions

_The correct answer is B. HSTORE_
### 5. Question 5:  How can the Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD) model be used? 
    A. The ERD model helps you to define the data in each row of a table.
    B. The ERD model helps you to design a database with a single table.
    C. The ERD model helps you map data types to existing columns and rows.
    D. The ERD model helps you to define entities and their attributes, and map them to tables, and identify the relationships between the tables.

_The correct answer is D. The ERD model helps you to define entities and their attributes, and map them to tables, and identify the relationships between the tables._
### 6. Question 6: Which of the following sources is NOT supported by the Db2 Web Console for loading data? 
    A. Cloud Object Storage (IBM)
    B. Python code
    C. S3 object storage (AWS) 
    D. Delimited text files (local computer)

_The correct answer is B. Python code_
### 7. Question 7: When creating a foreign key, how can you define an action to take if a parent table row is updated? 
    A. Use the ON DELETE CASCADE clause
    B. Use the rule clause
    C. Use the CREATE TABLE command
    D. Use the ALTER TABLE command

_The correct answer is B. Use the rule clause_
### 8. Question 8: Which of the following is a disadvantage of using Indexes? 
    A. Enhances SELECT query performance
    B. Uses disk space
    C. Reduce need to sort data 
    D. Guarantees uniqueness of rows

_The correct answer is B. Uses disk space_
### 9. Question 9: Which of the following constraints limits the values accepted by an attribute? 
    A. Unique constraint 
    B. Domain constraint
    C. Null constraints
    D. Check constraint

_The correct answer is D. Check constraint_
### 10. Question 10: What is the difference between system schemas and user schemas? 
    A. Neither schema contains database objects.
    B. System schemas store configuration information and metadata.
    C. System schemas contain partitions and user schemas contain metadata.
    D. Both schemas contain the same objects.

_The correct answer is B. System schemas store configuration information and metadata._
### 11. Question 11: Which MySQL tool can you use to visually design a MySQL database? 
    A. mysqladmin
    B. mysql 
    C. phpMyAdmin
    D. MySQL Workbench

_The correct answer is C. D. MySQL Workbench_
### 12. Question 12: When creating a MySQL database using phpMyAdmin, at which point in the process do you define the length of the data in a column? 
    A. When you define the columns in the table.
    B. When you name the new database. 
    C. When you are shown a summary of the structure of the new table. 
    D. When you add tables to the database.

_The correct answer is A. When you define the columns in the table._
### 13. Question 13: What is the maximum size of a data file you can import with phpMyAdmin? 
    A. 2 megabytes
    B. 1 megabyte 
    C. 3 megabytes
    D. Unlimited

_The correct answer is A. 2 megabytes_
### 14. Question 14: On which operating systems can you install PostgreSQL? 
    A. UNIX, UNIX like, or UNIX-based systems
    B. macOS, Microsoft Windows, UNIX 
    C. macOS only
    D. You cannot install PostgreSQL locally, it must be Cloud-based

_The correct answer is B. macOS, Microsoft Windows, UNIX_
### 15. Question 15: Why would you refresh a materialized view in a PostgreSQL database before you use it? 
    A. You need to refresh a materialized view so you can edit the data.
    B. The materialized view stores the data, so if you need to use the most current data you should refresh the view first. 
    C. Refreshing a materialized view increases performance.
    D. The materialized view only stores the data in memory, so it needs to be refreshed to reflect current data.

_The correct answer is B. The materialized view stores the data, so if you need to use the most current data you should refresh the view first._
