### 1. Data types define the type of data that can be stored in which part of a database table?
    A. Schemas
    B. Rows
    C. Index
    D. Columns

_The correct answer is D. Columns_
### 2. Which of the following is an open source database?
    A. PostgreSQL
    B. BigQuery
    C. Oracle
    D. Db2

_The correct answer is A. PostgreSQL_
### 3. What are the three tiers of a three-tier architecture database management system (DBMS)?
    A. Database storage, API, and user interface
    B. Database storage, application server, and user interface
    C. Database server, user interface, and network
    D. Database server, middleware, and application server

_The correct answer is B. Database storage, application server, and user interface_
### 4. Which NoSQL functionality does PostgreSQL use to store non-hierarchical data?
    A. JSON
    B. Functions
    C. HSTORE
    D. Replication

_The correct answer is C. HSTORE_
### 5. Which statement is true about an entity-attribute model regarding a movie?
    A. The movie is an entity.
    B. The movie is a column.
    C. The movie is a primary key.
    D. The movie is an attribute.

_The correct answer is A. The movie is an entity._
### 6. Which of the following Db2 features can be used to improve performance and reduce overheads for analytic workloads by directing queries to specific columns?
    A. Data Spiking
    B. The Common SQL Engine
    C. Machine Learning Algorithms
    D. Column Store

_The correct answer is D. Column Store_
### 7. Which of the following attributes is appropriate to use as a primary key?
    A. Copyright date
    B. Social security number
    C. Street address
    D. Author

_The correct answer is B. Social security number_
### 8. Which of the following is an advantage of indexing?
    A. Indexing increases performance of INSERT and UPDATE queries.
    B. Indexing works well with unstructured data.
    C. Indexing quickly locates rows and reduces the need to sort the data.
    D. Indexing quickly sorts data in a table.

_The correct answer is C. Indexing quickly locates rows and reduces the need to sort the data._
### 9. Which constraint specifies the permissible values for a given attribute?
    A. Entity integrity constraint
    B. Domain constraint
    C. Unique constraint
    D. Semantic integrity constraint

_The correct answer is B. Domain constraint_
### 10. What is the difference between system schemas and user schemas?
    A. Both schemas contain the same objects.
    B. System schemas store configuration information and metadata.
    C. Neither schema contains database objects.
    D. System schemas contain partition and user schemas contain metadata.

_The correct answer is B. System schemas store configuration information and metadata._
### 11. What statement best describes phpMyAdmin?
    A. It is a command line interface.
    B. It is an admin tool that manages users and their access permissions.
    C. It is graphical user interface (GUI) to interact with MySQL.
    D. It is cloud-based tool used to access MySQL.

_The correct answer is C. It is graphical user interface (GUI) to interact with MySQL._
### 12. When creating a MySQL database using phpMyAdmin, at which point in the process do you define the length of the data in a column?
    A. When you add tables to the database.
    B. When you name the new database.
    C. When you defines columns in the table.
    D. When you are shown a summary of the structure of the new table.

_The correct answer is C. When you defines columns in the table._
### 13. What does the “-u root” option in this command do? mysqldump -u root employees > employeebackup.sql
    A. Uses the root directory to backup the database on the server
    B. Specifies the username "root" when connecting the server
    C. Uses the root directory to find the database file that is to be backed up
    D. Lists users who have access to the root directory

_The correct answer is B. Specifies the username "root" when connecting the server_
### 14. On which operating systems can you install PostgreSQL?
    A. macOS, Microsoft Windows, UNIX 
    B. macOS only
    C. UNIX, UNIX like, or UNIX-based systems
    D. You cannot install PostgreSQL locally, it must be Cloud-based

_The correct answer is A. macOS, Microsoft Windows, UNIX_
### 15. Why are views useful?
    A. They help identity data you want to work with.
    B. They help determine information system requirements throughout an organization.
    C. They make it easier to join data in tables.
    D. They limit access to sensitive data.
    
_The correct answer is D. They limit access to sensitive data._
### 16. Which of the following is true about a VARCHAR?
    A. Its length is fixed.
    B. Its maximum length is denoted in brackets after the type name such as VARCHAR(10).
    C. It uses the same amount of space in the database irrespective of the length of the actual data stored in it.
    D. It is a string of variable length.

_The correct answer is B. Its maximum length is denoted in brackets after the type name such as VARCHAR(10)._
### 17. Popularity of cloud databases has more than doubled in the past decade. Which cloud service model is driving this?
    A. Platform as a Service (PaaS)
    B. Commercial databases
    C. Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)
    D. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)

_The correct answer is C. Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)_
### 18. Which statement is true with regards to PostgreSQL?
    A. It is a NoSQL database management system (DBMS).
    B. It is proprietary software.
    C. It is object oriented.
    D. It supports inheritance and overloading.

_The correct answer is D. It supports inheritance and overloading._
### 19. What is the function of a foreign key?
    A. It is a unique value in a table.
    B. It is used to access a row of data in a table.
    C. It is a unique value that identifies a table.
    D. It defines the relationship between tables.

_The correct answer is D. It defines the relationship between tables._
### 20. Which statement is true regarding database instances?
    A. They store a list of database users and their access permissions.
    B. They can share configuration files with other instances.
    C. They are logical groupings of objects within a database.
    D. It is possible to have more than one database within a single instance.

_The correct answer is D. It is possible to have more than one database within a single instance._
### 21. Which of the following services can be used to manage MySQL in the cloud?
    A. Azure
    B. phpMyAdmin
    C. MySQL Workbench
    D. MariaDB

_The correct answer is A. Azure_
### 22. When creating a MySQL database using phpMyAdmin, at which point in the process do you define the length of the data in a column?
    A. When you are shown a summary of the structure of the new table.
    B. When you define the columns in the table.
    C. When you add tables to the database.
    D. When you name the new database.

_The correct answer is B. When you define the columns in the table._
### 23. Which of the following is an open source graphical user interface (GUI) that you can use to connect to a Postgres database?
    A. pgAdmin
    B. Navicat
    C. PostgreSQL
    D. phpAdmin

_The correct answer is A. pgAdmin_
### 24. Which statement is true with regard to the data access layer in a database management system software (DBMS)?
    A. It is where the data is stored.
    B. It encapsulates the application and business logic.
    C. It contains an engine that compiles queries, retrieves data, and returns a result set.
    D. The client typically directly accesses it.

_The correct answer is C. It contains an engine that compiles queries, retrieves data, and returns a result set._
### 25. When creating a foreign key, how can you define an action to take if a parent table row is updated?
    A. Use the ALTER TABLE command
    B. Use the rule clause
    C. Use the ON DELETE CASCADE clause
    D. Use the CREATE TABLE command

_The correct answer is D. Use the CREATE TABLE command_
### 26. In which situation is it most appropriate to partition a database?
    A. For optimizing queries for data warehousing with large volumes of data.
    B. When there are many tables in an instance
    C. When it’s necessary to store user access permissions in a table
    D. When an instance requires both user schemas and system schemas

_The correct answer is A. For optimizing queries for data warehousing with large volumes of data._
### 27. Which command do you use to show the structure of a table?
    A. SHOW
    B. REPRESENT
    C. DISPLAY
    D. DESCRIBE

_The correct answer is D. DESCRIBE_
### 28. Which NoSQL functionality does PostgreSQL use to store hierarchical data?
    A. HSTORE
    B. Objects
    C. JSON
    D. EDB

_The correct answer is C. JSON_
### 29. Why would you refresh a materialized view in a PostgreSQL database before you use it? 
    A. You need to refresh a materialized view so you can edit the data.
    B. The materialized view stores the data, so if you need to use the most current data you should refresh the view first. 
    C. Refreshing a materialized view increases performance.
    D. The materialized view only stores the data in memory, so it needs to be refreshed to reflect current data.

_The correct answer is B. The materialized view stores the data, so if you need to use the most current data you should refresh the view first._
### 30. Which of the following situations is best suited for indexing?
    A. When data needs to be deleted
    B. When data in the database is unstructured
    C. With a table that often has rows inserted or updated
    D. When a table is regularly accessed using a SELECT statement but rows insert/update/delete scenarios are rare.

_The correct answer is D. When a table is regularly accessed using a SELECT statement but rows insert/update/delete scenarios are rare._
### 31. Which of the following is the best example illustrating data that fails the entity integrity constraint?
    A. Primary key is duplicated
    B. EmployeeID: NULL
    C. City: Alaska
    D. Birth Date: 01/03/19782

_The correct answer is B. EmployeeID: NULL_
### 32. Which of the following allows you to create a MySQL database? Select two.
    ☐ Use the MySQL GUI tool.
    ☐ Use the CREATE DATABASE command from a command line interface.
    ☐ Use the CREATE TABLE command from a command line interface.
    ☐ Use an API call.

_The correct answer is 2nd and 4th_
### 33. Which symbol is used to indicate an entity has more than one relationship in a relationship set when creating an entity-relationship diagram (ERD)?
    A. A thick line
    B. A less-than sign
    C. A dashed line
    D. A greater-than sign

_The correct answer is D. A greater-than sign_
### 34. Which statement best describes the Db2 Warehouse deployment model?
    A. It is offered via a private cloud model.
    B. It is offered via a hybrid cloud model.
    C. It is offered via a public cloud model.
    D. It is offered via an on-premises model.

_The correct answer is C. It is offered via a public cloud model._
### 35. Which data type is most appropriate for true/false data?
    A. FLOAT
    B. CHAR
    C. BOOLEAN
    D. INT

_The correct answer is C. BOOLEAN_
