### 1. What is Linux?
    A. Linux is a family of Unix-like operating systems
    B. Linux is a type of computer hardware that can run graphical applications
    C. Linux is a programming language for developing web applications
    D. Linux is a proprietary operating system developed by Microsoft

_The correct answer is A. Linux is a family of Unix-like operating systems_
### 2. Which layer of the Linux system includes all your computer’s physical and electronic devices?
    A. Hardware
    B. Kernel
    C. Operating System
    D. UI

_The correct answer is A. Hardware_
### 3. Which shell command can you use to change the current working directory to the root directory?
    A. cd / 
    B. cd ..
    C. cd ~
    D. cd !

_The correct answer is A. cd /_
### 4. Which of the following is an example of a GUI-based editor?
    A. gedit
    B. GNU nano
    C. Vim
    D. vi

_The correct answer is A. gedit_
### 5. Which shell command can you use to download a file from a URL?
    A. wget
    B. ping
    C. cat
    D. touch

_The correct answer is A. wget_
### 6. You can use the touch command for which of the following purposes?
    A. To create a new file
    B. To change a file’s permissions
    C. To display a file’s contents
    D. To add a string to a file

_The correct answer is A. To create a new file_
### 7. Which command can you use to print the total number of lines in a file?
    A. wc
    B. more
    C. cat
    D. head

_The correct answer is A. wc_
### 8. Which command prints all lines and line numbers from the file login.txt that contain the word “password”?
    A. grep -n password login.txt
    B. uniq -c password login.txt
    C. paste -i password login.txt
    D. tail -l password login.txt

_The correct answer is A. grep -n password login.txt_
### 9. Which command displays the hardware specification of a Wi-Fi adapter wifi0?
    A. ifconfig wifi0
    B. ping wifi0
    C. hostname wifi0
    D. netstat wifi0

_The correct answer is A. ifconfig wifi0_
### 10. Which command creates an archive of the /etc directory and names this archive etc.tar?
    A. tar -cf etc.tar /etc
    B. tar -lf etc.tar /etc
    C. tar -tf /etc etc.tar
    D. tar -xf /etc etc.tar

_The correct answer is A. tar -cf etc.tar /etc_
### 11. Which extension is used to indicate a file is a shell script?
    A. .sh
    B. .shebang
    C. .script
    D. .ss

_The correct answer is A. .sh_
### 12. Which command can you use to extend a shell variable to an environment variable?
    A. export
    B. grep
    C. env
    D. set

_The correct answer is A. export_
### 13. Assume you have a file named storelist.txt. In the terminal, you want to display only the last 10 lines of the file. From this list of 10 lines, you also want to omit any consecutively repeated lines from the output. Which of the following Bash inputs should you use?
    A. tail storelist.txt | uniq
    B. tail storelist.txt > uniq
    C. uniq storelist.txt | tail
    D. uniq storelist.txt > tail

_The correct answer is A. tail storelist.txt | uniq_
### 14. Which operator can you use to make two Bash commands run in parallel?
    A. &
    B. ;
    C. #
    D. *

_The correct answer is A. &_
### 15. Which cron command opens the default text editor?
    A. crontab -e 
    B. crontab -l
    C. crontab -r
    D. crontab -u

_The correct answer is A. crontab -e_
