### 1. The temperature reporting scenario that you are discovering in the video uses two APIs. What do these APIs do? (multiple answers)
    ☐ Extraction
    ☐ Load
    ☐ Keeps track of the temperature times
    ☐ Writes temp stats from log file

_The correct answer is 1st and 2nd_
### 2. The video creates an ETL shell script and names it ‘Temperature_ETL.sh’. A command is then used to turn it into what type of file?
    A. PY
    B. BASH
    C. CSV
    D. Text

_The correct answer is B. BASH_
### 3. The ETL using Shell Scripts video shows a temperature reporting workflow with ten steps. Which step follows the extraction step in the workflow?
    A. Appends temp reading to log file
    B. Calculate temp stats from log file
    C. Display dashboard with temp stats
    D. Schedule workflow to run each minute

_The correct answer is A. Appends temp reading to log file_
### 4. The transformation stage is where rules and processes are applied to the data for preparation of loading into target system. Which of the following transformations involves search performance?
    A. Joining
    B. Aggregating 
    C. Normalizing
    D. Sorting

_The correct answer is D. Sorting_
### 5. There are many ETL tools available today. The modern enterprise grade ETL tools typically include common features. Which of the following common features of popular ETL tools helps with complex calculations?
    A. Drag-and-drop interface
    B. Transformation support
    C. Security and compliance
    D. Automation 

_The correct answer is B. Transformation support_
