### 1. What is the first stage of the ETL process?
    A. Extraction
    B. Loading
    C. Transformation
    D. Cleaning

_The correct answer is A. Extraction_
### 2. Which of these transformations is correctly described?
    A. Cleaning: merging disparate data sources
    B. Sorting: selecting only what is needed
    C. Normalizing: Converting data to common units 
    D. Data Structuring: Fixing any errors or missing values

_The correct answer is C. Normalizing: Converting data to common units_
### 3. Which of these is NOT an example of a system in the data load phase?
    A. A comma separated file
    B. A data warehouse
    C. An Excel spreadsheet
    D. A scanned medical document

_The correct answer is D. A scanned medical document_
### 4. Select the correct statement regarding ETL workflows as data pipelines.
    A. Overall accuracy of the ETL workflow has been a more important requirement than speed.
    B. Data is fed through a data pipeline in large packets.
    C. Bottlenecks within the pipeline can often be handled by anonymizing slower tasks.
    D. With conventional ETL pipelines data is processed in real time.

_The correct answer is A. Overall accuracy of the ETL workflow has been a more important requirement than speed._
### 5. Select the correct statement regarding batch processing.
    A. Data is processed in batches, usually on a weekly schedule.
    B. Batch processing intervals can be triggered by events.
    C. Batch processing triggers are rarely on demand.
    D. When an event of interest occurs, such as an intruder alert, the interval would be periodic.

_The correct answer is B. Batch processing intervals can be triggered by events._
### 6. ETL pipelines are frequently used to integrate data from disparate and usually _____ systems within the enterprise.
    A. simultaneous
    B. batched
    C. aggregating
    D. siloed

_The correct answer is D. siloed_
### 7. Select the correct statement regarding Apache Airflow.
    A. Apache Airflow is a workflow orchestration tool.
    B. Apache Airflow tasks can be expressed as Python, but not Bash.
    C. Apache Airflow is a well-known commercial tool.
    D. Apache Airflow represents the workflow in DAGs, but not in code.

_The correct answer is A. Apache Airflow is a workflow orchestration tool._
### 8. Bash uses _____ to turn your file into a Bash shell script.
    A. getstat
    B. loadstat
    C. shebang
    D. crontab

_The correct answer is C. shebang_
### 9. SSIS, Amazon Redshift, IBM InfoSphere Information Server, and Oracle GoldenGate are examples of _____.
    A. Popular commercial ETL tools.
    B. Popular open-source ETL tools.
    C. Popular commercial ELT tools.
    D. Popular open-source ELT tools

_The correct answer is A. Popular commercial ETL tools._
### 10. ETL jobs can be run on a schedule using _____.
    A. getstat
    B. crontab
    C. loadstat
    D. shebang

_The correct answer is A. crontab_
