### 1. How does data flow through pipelines?
    A. Software processes
    B. Data packets
    C. Files
    D. Processing threads

_The correct answer is B. Data packets_
### 2. Which of the following pipeline monitoring considerations affects the amount of data that passes through the pipeline over time?
    A. Latency
    B. Throughput
    C. Utilization
    D. Logging and alerting system

_The correct answer is B. Throughput_
### 3. Which of the following data pipelines corresponds with the fraud detection use case?
    A. Batch data pipeline
    B. Streaming data pipeline
    C. Micro-batch data pipeline
    D. Lambda architectures

_The correct answer is B. Streaming data pipeline_
### 4. Which streaming data pipeline tool allows you to build applications using the Streams Processing Language (SPL)?
    A. SQLstream
    B. IBM Streams
    C. Apache Spark
    D. Apache Samza

_The correct answer is B. IBM Streams_
### 5. Pipelines that incorporate parallelism are referred to as being_____ ?
    A. Static
    B. Linear
    C. Dynamic or non-linear
    D. Aligned

_The correct answer is C. Dynamic or non-linear_
### 6. Batch data pipelines usually run periodically on fixed schedules. Which of the following is another method to run these?
    A. Flags
    B. Triggers
    C. Error occurrence
    D. Manually

_The correct answer is B. Triggers_
### 7. Which of the following common features of modern ETL and ELT products is known as "no-code"?
    A. Fully automated
    B. Drag-and-drop
    C. Data crawling
    D. Security

_The correct answer is B. Drag-and-drop_
### 8. Which of the following data pipeline use cases is the simplest?
    A. Raw data preparation
    B. File backup
    C. Send/receive messages
    D. Transactional record movement

_The correct answer is B. File backup_
### 9. Latency is the total time it takes for a single packet of data to pass through the pipeline. Which of the following limits latency?
    A. Bad data
    B. Slowest process
    C. Data leak
    D. Small data packets

_The correct answer is B. Slowest process_
### 10. Micro-batch data pipelines decrease the batch size. Which of the following do micro-batch pipelines increase?
    A. Simple transformation
    B. Batch process refresh rate
    C. Latency
    D. Storage

_The correct answer is B. Batch process refresh rate_
