### 1. Select the statement that describes why working with MongoDB is easy.
    A. MongoDB allows you to share data in a relational way only.
    B. MongoDB allows you to focus on what data you are writing and how you are going to read it. 
    C. You will alter your tables to store an additional field.
    D. You first create the schema and the table structures that will hold your data. 

_The correct answer is B. MongoDB allows you to focus on what data you are writing and how you are going to read it._
### 2. How is data stored in a MongoDB database?
    A. Data is stored in documents.
    B. Data is stored in tables.
    C. Data is stored in rows and columns.
    D. Data is stored in key-value pairs.

_The correct answer is A. Data is stored in documents._
### 3. What does it mean when we say that MongoDB follows a code-first approach?
    A. It allows you to use third-party frameworks to give you read and write operations.
    B. You can store unstructured data.
    C. There are no complex table definitions, so you can start writing your first data as soon as you connect to your MongoDB database.
    D. You’re ready to work on your database as soon as your table design is created.

_The correct answer is C. There are no complex table definitions, so you can start writing your first data as soon as you connect to your MongoDB database._
### 4. MongoDB documents of a similar type are grouped into _______________.
    A. A cluster
    B. A replica set
    C. An index
    D. A collection

_The correct answer is D. A collection_
### 5. True or False: MongoDB can ingest multiple shapes and formats of data from different sources.
    A. False
    B. True

_The correct answer is B. True_
