### 1. Fill in the blank. ___________ provided by MongoDB means as your data needs grow, you can partition your data.
    A. Sharding
    B. Aggregation
    C. Projection
    D. Replication

_The correct answer is A. Sharding_
### 2. MongoDB is schema-less. What does that mean?
    A. You can only store structured data in MongoDB.
    B. MongoDB does not require that you create the schema and the table structures before writing the data.
    C. Create the table structures that will hold your data.
    D. With MongoDB, you alter your tables to store additional fields.

_The correct answer is B. MongoDB does not require that you create the schema and the table structures before writing the data._
### 3. MongoDB follows a code-first approach. Select the statement that describes a code-first approach. 
    A. Generate the database first.
    B. Create sample data first.
    C. You can start writing your data as soon as you connect to the database.
    D. Define the alter table commands in code.

_The correct answer is C. You can start writing your data as soon as you connect to the database._
### 4. Fill in the blank. Typical MongoDB setups are a three-node replica set. The ________________ process keeps a copy of your data on the primary node on the other data-bearing nodes in the cluster.
    A. Redundancy
    B. Aggregation
    C. Replication
    D. Clustering

_The correct answer is C. Replication_
### 5. Fill in the blank. The “Many Sources One View” use case of MongoDB suggests that __________.
    A. MongoDB can ingest several types of data from various sources and consolidate the data into one view of all data.
    B. MongoDB can store data collected from multiple sources as long as they are in the same format.
    C. MongoDB can collect vast amounts of data.
    D. MongoDB can store data of different types and formats.

_The correct answer is A. MongoDB can ingest several types of data from various sources and consolidate the data into one view of all data._
