### 1. Apache Airflow pipelines are built on four main principles. Which of the following principles include parameterization?
    A. Extensible
    B. Lean and explicit
    C. Scalable
    D. Dynamic

_The correct answer is B. Lean and explicit_
### 2. Which of the following Apache Airflow use cases involves coordination of data in data warehouses?
    A. Decoupled batch processes
    B. Orchestrate SQL transformation in data warehouses
    C. Define machine learning pipeline dependencies
    D. Scheduling tool

_The correct answer is B. Orchestrate SQL transformation in data warehouses_
### 3. In the DAG definition Python script. Which of the following logical blocks might contain the ‘from airflow import DAG’ command?
    A. DAG definition
    B. Library imports
    C. DAG arguments 
    D. Task pipeline

_The correct answer is B. Library imports_
### 4. Sensors are a class of DAG operators. Which is another type of operator that defines DAG tasks? 
    A. Email
    B. Python
    C. Bash
    D. All of the above

_The correct answer is D. All of the above_
### 5. Which of the following advantages of Apache Airflow expressing workflows as code enables Git to track them?
    A. Maintainable
    B. Versionable
    C. Testable
    D. Collaborative

_The correct answer is B. Versionable_
### 6. The 'Task Instance Context Menu' can be accessed from any of the DAG views that display what?
    A. Details
    B. Task instances
    C. Gantt
    D. Tree view

_The correct answer is B. Task instances_
### 7. The final block in your Airflow pipeline script is where you specify the dependencies for your workflow. How do you specify the order of task 1 and task 2?
    A. >
    B. >>
    C. >=
    D. //

_The correct answer is B. >>_
### 8. Which block specifies the DAG start date?
    A. DAG definition
    B. DAG arguments 
    C. Task definitions
    D. Task pipeline

_The correct answer is B. DAG arguments_
### 9. Which of the following Airflow metrics could fluctuate?
    A. Timers
    B. Gauges
    C. Counters
    D. None, they all can increase

_The correct answer is B. Gauges_
### 10. Which of the following Apache Airflow basic components serves the interactive UI?
    A. Executor
    B. Web Server
    C. Scheduler
    D. DAG directory

_The correct answer is B. Web Server_
