### 1. You want to retrieve a list of employees in alphabetical order of Lastname from the Employees table. Which SQL statement should you use?
    A. SELECT * FROM Employees ORDER BY Lastname DESC;
    B. SELECT * FROM Employees GROUP BY Lastname;
    C. SELECT * FROM Employees ORDER BY Lastname;
    D. SELECT * FROM Employees SORT BY Lastname;

_The correct answer is C. SELECT * FROM Employees ORDER BY Lastname;_
### 2. Which keyword is used to set a condition for a GROUP BY clause?
    A. ORDER BY
    B. HAVING
    C. WHERE
    D. SELECT

_The correct answer is B. HAVING_
### 3. You want to retrieve a list of authors from Australia, Canada, and India from the table Authors. Which SQL statement is correct?
    A. SELECT * FROM Author IF Country (‘Australia’, 'Canada', 'India');
    B. SELECT * FROM Author WHERE Country IN (‘Australia’, 'Canada', 'India');
    C. SELECT * FROM Author WHERE Country LIST ('CA', 'IN');
    D. SELECT * FROM Author WHERE Country BETWEEN(‘Australia’, ‘Canada’, ‘India’);

_The correct answer is B. SELECT * FROM Author WHERE Country IN (‘Australia’, 'Canada', 'India');_
### 4. You want to retrieve a list of books priced above $10 and below $25 from the table Book. What are the two ways you can specify the range?
    ☐	SELECT Title, Price FROM Book WHERE Price 10 to 25;
    ☐	SELECT Title, Price FROM Book WHERE Price BETWEEN 10 and 25;
    ☐	SELECT Title, Price FROM Book WHERE Price >= 10 and Price <= 25;
    ☐	SELECT Title, Price FROM Book WHERE Price IN (10, 25);

_The correct answer is 2nd and 3rd_
### 5. You want to retrieve Salary information for an employee called Ed from the Employee table. You write the following statement: 
    SELECT Firstname, Lastname, Salary FROM Employees

You see all the employees listed, and it’s hard to find Ed’s information. Which clause should you add to reduce the number of rows returned?

    A. GROUP BY Firstname = ‘Ed’;
    B. WHERE Firstname = ‘Ed’;
    C. WHERE Employees = ‘Ed’;
    D. ORDER BY Firstname;
_The correct answer is B. WHERE Firstname = ‘Ed’;_
