### 1. Which of the following statements about built-in database functions is correct?
    A. Built-in database functions may increase processing time.
    B. Built-in database functions reduce the amount of data that is retrieved.
    C. Built-in database functions may increase network bandwidth consumed.
    D. Built-in database functions must be called from a programming language like Python.

_The correct answer is B. Built-in database functions reduce the amount of data that is retrieved._
### 2. Which of the following SQL queries would return the day of the week each dog was rescued?
    A. SELECT RescueDate From PetRescue WHERE Animal = ‘Dog’;
    B. SELECT DAYOFWEEK(RescueDate) From PetRescue WHERE Animal = ‘Dog’;
    C. SELECT DAYOFWEEK(RescueDate) From PetRescue; 
    D. SELECT DAY(RescueDate) From PetRescue WHERE Animal = ‘Dog’;

_The correct answer is B. SELECT DAYOFWEEK(RescueDate) From PetRescue WHERE Animal = ‘Dog’;_
### 3. What is the result of the following query: SELECT (Current_Date – RescueDate) FROM PetRescue
    A. Returns the rescue date for each rescue.
    B. Returns today’s date.
    C. Returns how long it has been since each rescue.
    D. Returns the current date and rescue date columns.

_The correct answer is C. Returns how long it has been since each rescue._
### 4. Which of the following queries will return the employees who earn less than the average salary?
    A. SELECT * FROM Employees WHERE Salary < (SELECT AVG(Salary))
    B. SELECT * FROM Employees WHERE Salary < AVG(Salary) 
    C. SELECT * FROM Employees WHERE Salary < (SELECT AVG(Salary) FROM Employees);
    D. SELECT AVG(Salary) FROM Employees WHERE Salary < AVG(Salary) 

_The correct answer is C. SELECT * FROM Employees WHERE Salary < (SELECT AVG(Salary) FROM Employees);_
### 5. What are the three ways to work with multiple tables in the same query?
    A. Sub-queries, Implicit joins, JOIN operators
    B. Sub-queries, Implicit joins, normalization.
    C. Sub-queries, APPEND, JOIN operators
    D. Built-in functions, implicit joins, JOIN operators

_The correct answer is A. Sub-queries, Implicit joins, JOIN operators_
